# RESEARCH-PAPER
The news ecosystem has changed in the
modern years from outdated print media to social media sites.
Because social media platforms enable us to absorb news much
more quickly and with less restrictive editing, fake news is
disseminated at an astonishing rate and scale. More and
increasingly individuals are using social media as the world
becomes more digital since it makes connecting with others
relatively simple. But false information is misguiding people.
Although fake news is simple to propagate, its effects can be
disastrous. Bogus news has frequently resulted in uncontrolled
circumstances that killed numerous people. People with limited
education might quickly become acclimated to bogus news.
Instead of checking the accuracy of the information, they accept
what is provided to them. This can be overcome by using Text
mining, Statics concepts which can detect fake news more
precisely when compared to several machine learning methods.
This proposed system is on the analysis of fake news and detection
of hatred news using t-distributed Stochastic Neighbor
Embedding(t-SNE) to check dimensionality reduction and topic
modeling using Latent Dirichlet Allocation(LDA) and data pre-
processing using Latent Semantic Analysis (LSA).
